Add note about using whitespace control for macros (#4931)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_whitespace-control.md

> <expandable alt_header="📌 Tidy your macros with whitespace control">

Reviewer: suggest removing the emoji. the red sorta clashes with the orange, at least to me. wdyt?

![Screenshot 2024-02-16 at 9 05 27 AM](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/assets/107218380/0fc323ea-c201-4078-a482-69827679a476)

Author: thanks Ly! i added an emoji bc i thought it blended too much with text and didn't want users to miss this as it's a good tip. i also think it reads better after the code example and not in the middle of the config explanation. 

i don't think expendables works well in this use case so have updated it to details so it stands out a bit more. 
![Screenshot 2024-02-19 at 10 43 36](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/assets/89008547/d30c23ea-4216-474d-b94e-00e26eb68569)
![Screenshot 2024-02-19 at 10 53 19](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/assets/89008547/88d6a820-6d62-4955-8c7a-4cfb39a838f6)

Reviewer: nice!!

> When you're changing macros, like the `generate_schema_name`, in your project &mdash; you might notice extra white space in your code in the `target/compiled` folder. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you're changing macros &mdash; like the `generate_schema_name` &mdash; in your project, you might notice extra whitespace in your code in the `target/compiled` folder. 
```

> You can use Jinja's [whitespace control](/faqs/Jinja/jinja-whitespace) using a minus sign `(-)` to tidy that up and remove unwanted spaces/lines. For example, use `{{- ... -}}` or `{%- ... %}` around your macro definitions (such as `{%- macro generate_schema_name(...) -%} ... {%- endmacro -%}`).

Reviewer: sugg: the `... can use ... using a` construction was slightly awkward to read.  

```suggestion
You can remove unwanted spaces and lines with Jinja's [whitespace control](/faqs/Jinja/jinja-whitespace) by using a minus sign. For example, use `{{- ... -}}` or `{%- ... %}` around your macro definitions (such as `{%- macro generate_schema_name(...) -%} ... {%- endmacro -%}`).
```
